Verify and improve documentation (#898)
kyma-project/test-infra: prow/README.md

  ├── config.yaml           # The main Prow configuration, without job definitions. For example, it contains Plank configuration and Preset definitions.
  ├── install-prow.sh       # The script for the production cluster installation
  └── plugins.yaml          # The file with Prow plugins configuration

>   └── create-secrets-for-workload-cluster.sh  # The script for creating a Secret in the Prow cluster, used to access the workload cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  └── create-secrets-for-workload-cluster.sh  # The script which creates a Secret in the Prow cluster, used to access the workload cluster
```

Author: Done

>   └── set-up-workload-cluster.sh  # The script for preparing the workload cluster to be used by the Prow cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  └── set-up-workload-cluster.sh  # The script which prepares the workload cluster to be used by the Prow cluster
```

Author: Done
